---
layout: post
title:  "[Public Policy] Theories of Policy Cycle"
subtitle: 
categories: STP
tags: [Course, STP, Public Policy]
comments: true
---
Theories of Policy Cycle by Werner Jann and Kai Wegrich

# Intro
* Policy cycle framework or perspective to systematize and compare the diverse debates, approaches, and models in the field and to assess the individual contribution of the respective approaches to the discipline. 
* The framework criticized in terms of its theoretical construction as well as in terms of its empirical validity. 
	* Policy research continues to rely on the stages or cycle perspective or is linked to one of its stages and research questions. 
	* concept of the stages criticized on the theoretical status of the policy cycle as a framework, model or heuristic. 
# The Policy Cycle - A Simplified model of the Policy Process
## Policy model development
* Lasswell(1956)
* Brewer and deLeon(1983)
* May and Wildavsky(1978)
* Anderson(1975)
* Jenkins(1978)
## Model of policy process: Lasswell 
* 7 stages of policy-making
	1) Intelligence
	2) Promotion
	3) Prescription
	4) Invocation
	5) Application
	6) Termination
	7) Appraisal
* Characteristics
	* Prescriptive and normative, rather than discriptive and analytical. 
	* Problem-solving model
	* Ideal-type of rational planning and decision-making
* Critic: Behavior theory of decision making (Simon, 1947)
	* Empirical studies (실증연구) of decision-making and planning in organizations
	* Real-world does not follow sequence of stages
## Policy Cycle model
* Modern policy process model
	* Chronological order: Agenda-setting, Policy formulation, Decision making, Evaluation
	* Combined with Easton's input-output model 
		* Transformed into a cyclic model, so-called policy cycle
		* Feed-back between outputs and inputs of policy-making
	* The reaction of affected target group (*impact*) & effects of the policy (*outcome*) 
* Policy Cycle framework 
	* Simplified and ideal-type model of the policy process
	* Policies constantly reviewed, controlled, modified, and sometimes even terminated. 
## Hogwood and Peters(1983)
* In real world, the stages are constantly meshed and entangled in an ongoing process. 
	* "Policies do not develop in a vacuum, but are adopted in a crowded policy space that leaves little space for policy innovation"^[Hogwood and Peters, 1983]
- The notion of policy succession to highlight that new policies develop in a dense environment of laready existing policies.
	- Earlier policies acts as key obstacles for the adoptation and implementation
	- Policy may lead side-effects on later policy problems
	- Incrementalism과 관점의 차이 유의. 점진적 발전 형태가 아니라, 정책 간에 영향을 주는 관계.
Policy as its own cause" Wildavsky(1979)

# The Stages of the Policy Cycle
# Agenda-Setting: Problem Recognition and Issue Selection
* Start of Policy-making 
	1) Policy-problem recognition
	2) Agenda-Setting: Put recognized problem on the agenda for consideration of public action 
	--> Political attention is attached to policy problems
* Definition of Agenda
	* The list of subjects or problems to which governmental officials, and people outside the government closely associated with those officials, are paying some serious attention at any given time. ^[Kingdon (1995)]
	* The government's agenda is distinguished from media and overall public or systemic agenda. (Cobb and Elder, 1972)
* Actor, the choice of institutional venues are identified, but agending-setting is out of control of any single actor. 
* Agenda-setting results in a *selection* between diverse problems and issues. 
	* Structuring policy regarding potential strategies and instruments that shape the development of a policy.
> Punctualy equilibrium? 

### Critique of ;Pluralism
* Systematic research on Agenda-setting
* Classic approach of Agenda-setting
	* Conflict Expansion 
		* Conflict between two actors, with less politically powerful actor seeking to raise attention to the issue. (Schattschneider, 1960)
		* Actors raise issue --> Agenda emerge 
	* Issue filtering
		* Process of filtering of issues and prblems, resulting in non-decisions.
		* Issues and problems excluded from the formal agenda 
* **Recognition of issue to the formal political agenda**
	* Problem recognition and solving activities는 정부 뿐 아니라, a plausible definition of a problem. --> Creation of a particular policy image. 사회적 아젠다 제정의 과정이 됨. 
### Types of agenda-setting
* Problem recognition and problem definition are conducted in public.
* Actual agenda-setting varies in terms of actor composition and the role of the public. 
1) Outside-initiation
	* Social actors force governments to place an issue on the systemic agenda by way of gaining public support.
2) Inside-initiation
	* Policies without public input, Interest groups have direct access to government agencies, and capable to put topics on the agenda without major inference.
3) Mobilization
	* Public(Government) supports after interest groups accomplish agenda-setting.
4) Consolidation 
	* State actors initiate an issue where public support is already high.
### Roles in agenda-setting
* Policies have a short life cycle or are recurrently object of major amendments, after public attention has shifted towards other issues. 
	* Material conditions of the policy environment
	* The flow and cycle of ideas and ideologies
* Interaction btw different variables: actors, institutions, ideas and material condition
* Kingdon's Multiple streams model
	* The policy window opens when three separate streams intersect:
		* The policy stream (Solutions)
		* The politic stream (Public sentiments, change in governments)
		* The public problem stream (problem perception)

# Policy Formulation and Decision-Making
* **Policy formulation and adoptation** 
	* What sould be achieved with the policy
	* Consideration of different action alternatives
* Study of policy formulation and decision-making
	* Theory-oriented studies in stage of the cycle framework
	* pluralistic and corporatist interest, perspectives of incrementalism and the garbage can approach
	* Improve practices within governments by introducing techniques and tools of more rational decision-making
> Garbage can model: 모든 problem과 solution을 다 집어넣어서 우리가 무엇을 해결할지 모르는 상태로 어쨌거나 해결책을 얻어낸다. 비합리성의 합리성. irrational model. optimization, cost effective하지 않지만 어쩄거나 결정을 낸 것 자체에 초점을 맞춤. coherence가 없음.  
* Planning Programming Budgeting Systems(PPBS)
	* To establish effective and cost-efficient policies in economic view
	* Rational planning for decision-making. 
	* Criticized for over-ambitious and technocratic & Role of economics on political science 
### Decision-making in policy theory
* information gathering and processing (**analysis**)
* Conflict resolution btw public, private actors, and government departments (**interaction**)
-> Interdepartmental interaction
* **Policy analysis** is to suggest institutional arrangements for active policy-making.
* Policy network
	* When formulating policies, governments are connected with responsible institutions(cabinet, ministers, Parliament의회)
	* Preliminary stages of decision-making influence the final outcome and shpe the policy with parliamentary arena. 
* Pluralism in policy making
	* Interaction and diffuse reciprocity(호혜, 상호주의) is social orientation of actors. 
	* 참고) 호혜성: 개인/집단간에 서로 도움이나 혜택을 주고받는 것. 
	* 참고) 상호주의: (외교) 국가간에 동일한 가치를 등가 교환. 이때, 가치는 이득과 손해가 공존할 수 있음. ex) 보복 전략. 
	* Policy subsystem can be consists of more than one network
		* Advocacy coalitions (옹호연합)
			* 참고) 옹호연합모델: 사회적논쟁의 반복 과정을 policy network 공동체 관점에서 이해하는 모델
* Role of goverment in policy networks
	* Ministries: Establishing/Abolishing agencies
	* Ministerial bureaucracies to allocate responsibilities, and venues provided for social actors to the policy-making system. 
	* Power-basis of departments in interdepartmental relationships and conflicts
* Taxonomy of policy networks
	* Iron triangle 철의 삼각형
		* State bureaucracies(관료), Parliamentary(의회), Organized interest(이익집단)간의 단단한 협력 관계. 
		* ex) 정치인은 국정을 운영하면서 은행을 통해 기업을 육성하고, 기업은 경제 성장과 정치 지원금 등으로 정치인에게 보답. 
	* Subsystem, Sub-governments, Policy communities and Issue networks
### Policy formulation
1) Feasible set of policy options is reduced by basic substantial parameters.
2) The allocation of competencies between different actors plays a crucial role in decision-making.
3) Policy formulation represents the role of policy advice. (the role of Think Tank)
	* Technocratic: Policy decisions depending on superior knowledge provided by experts
	* Decisionist: Primacy of politics over science 
	* Pragmatic model: Understanding on pragmatic and cooperative interaction 
	* Policy transfer: Exchange of ideas, and Policy diffusion
	* Knowledge is more widely spread beyond the boundaries of governments. 
-> At least in West, State actors play an important role, but not necessarily decisive role.

# Implementation
> "The stage of execution or enforcement of a policy by responsible institutions and organizations that are often, but not always, part of the public sector, is referred to as implementation."

* "What happens between the establishment of an apparent intention on the part of the government to do something, or to stop doing something, and the ultimate impact in the world of action" (O'Toole 2000, 266)
* Earlier, Implementation was not recognized as a separate stage in policy-making process. It is now often **critical stage of policy-making process.**
### Top-down perspective
* 1st gen studies (1970~1980s) 
	* Implementation was regarded as a perspective of top-down approach. 
* Intra- and Inter- organizational coordination problems and the interaction of field agencies with the target group ranked as the most prominent variables accounting for implementation failures. 
* Unsuccessful policy implementation could not only be the result of bad implementation. 
* Policy instrument perspective: Importance of the relationship between tool selection and policy implementation 
### bottom-up perspective (mid 1970s)
* top-down perspective challenged, due to Empirical evidences. 
1) The central role of implementation agencies and their personnel in shaping the actual policy outcome has been acknowledged
2) The focus on single policies regarded as inputs into the implementation process was supplemented
3) The increasingly widespread recognition of linkage and networks between a number of actors within a particular policy domain, provided the ground for hierarchical understanding of state/society interaction. 
* Policy research from state-centered endeavor, which was primarily interested in enhancing the internal administrative and governmental capacities and in fine-tuning program design and implementation. 
# Evaluation and Termination
* Policy-making should be appraised against intended objectives and impacts forms the starting point of policy evaluation. 
	* To Terminate the policy
	* To Modify problem perception and agenda.

	> Zero baesd budgeting - 
	> Sunset legacy: 일몰정책 
	> 일반회계, 특별회계, 기금 
	> - 특별회계: sunset legacy
	> - 일몰규제 
	> Terminating policy -- termination costs. 
	> 중재, 없애는데 비용이 발생함. -- politicians are not really interested. admitting failure. 
	> marginalized groups이 사회적 타겟이라면 동의의 문제가 있음. 

* Scientific evalution is distinguished from administrative evaluations conducted by public administration and political evaluation carried out by diverse actors. 

* Rational evidence-based poilcy-making.
> Policy-making cycle에서 가장 즉각적으로 각 Interest parties의 여론을 수집할 수 있는 단계는 정책 종료 후 평가 단계보다 Agenda setting 단계일 것으로 생각됨. 또한, Rational evidence-based Evaluation은 bottom-up 보다는 top-down 프로세스에 가까울 것으로 보임. 
> 실질적인 정책 실행자인 정부가 수행해야 하는 Implementation을 제외한 다른 단계는 Plauistic 한 방향으로 Policy study가 발달하고 있는데, 차후 agenda setting에 중요한 영향을 미치는 evaluation 단계 연구는 어떻게 나아갈 수 있는지 궁금합니다. 또한, 정책 평가에 초기 아젠다 형성에 참여한 단체들이 다시 참여할 수 있는 방법을 찾아보는것도 유의미할 것 같습니다.
# Critique on Policy Cycle 
* Study based on single stages of the policy cycle (Textbook approach).
	* Empirical observations: Policy process is not a discrete and sequencial stages
	* Policy cycle lacks defining elements of a theoretical framework. 
* Policy cycle is based on top-down perspective, framed as a hierarchical steering by superior institutions. 
	* 각 단계별로 정부의 역할 및 advisorary 대상은 식별했으나, 각 third-party에서 실제로 어떤 역할을 수행할 수 있는지는 명확하지 않음. 주도적으로 cycle을 진행하는 것은 정부의 역할로 보임. 