---
layout: post
title: Public Policy - Conceptualizing Public Policy
subtitle: Definition of Public Policy
comments: true
tags: [STP, Course, Public Policy]
categories: [Course]
# permalink: /STP/Course
---
Reference: Conceptualizing Public Policy by Michael Howlett and Ben Cashore  
Objective: to Define public policy and the need for comparative research

## Definition of Public Policy
> "Anything a government chooses to do or not to do." (Dye, 1972)

1. Primary agent of public policy maing is a government. 
	* Public Policies made by governments that affect and influence every member of a nation-state or a subnational jurisdiction.
	* The actions are government decisions to act, or not to act, to change or maintain some aspect of the status quo. (Birkland, 2001)
	* Authoritative decisions on behalf of citizens; decisions backed up by the potential for sannctions for transgressors in the event of non-compliances. 
2. A choice made by government to undertake some course of action. 
	- Choice of governments to do sth or to do nth. 
		- Positive decision
		- Negative decision or Non-decision: Decision to maintain the current action or status quo
3. Public Policy is a conscious choice of a government
	- Government actions and decisions involve *unintended consequences*. 
	- Unintended consequences are not public policy, but unexpected by-product. 

> "A set of interrelated decisions taken by a political actor or group of actors concerning the selection of goals and the means of achieving them within a specified situation where those decisions should, in principle, be within the power of those actors to achieve." (Jenkins, 1978)

1. Specify the content of a policy decision: *Selection of goals and means*. 
	- Understand [[policy problems]]
	- 'Appropriateness' of potential [[solution]]
2. Policy-making as a dynamic process, a result of 'a set of interrelated decisions'
	- Complexity of the actors involved in policy-making, interrelated decisions are made by different individuals and agencies within government. 
3. Government's capacity to implement its decisions is a major consideration. 
	- Limit of government to act constrains the decision-making options, and its effort. 
		- e.g) Financial, personnel, or informational resources
		- Feasible, effective, and appropriate in dealing with an issue. 
# Specifying the constitutent elements of public policy 
* Policy-making process & its result often studied in *Domestic or International levels*.
- Three basic elements in public policies
	* General Policy goals
	* Concrete policy instruments
	* Specific operational settings or calibrations used for deploy
* Three levels of public policy & public policy-making
	* Abstract (general or conceptual)
	* Programme (concrete)
	* On-the-Ground (settings)
# Describing how policy is made: The policy cycle model 
 * Policy processes; Policy cycle (Jann and Wegrich, 2007)
	 * A set of interrelated stages through which deliberations concerning some issue or problem flow in a more or less sequential fashion from being an 'input' to government deliberations to being an 'output' of subject of government action. 
 * The **policy cycle model** (Lasswell, 1971)
	 * How Policy should made in 7 stage processes
	 1. Intelligence gathering
		 * Collection, processing, and dissemination of information for decision-making participators. 
	2. Promotion of particular options for addressing the problem.
	3. Decision-makers prescribe a course of action
	4. Action would be invoked alongside a set of sanctions to penalize those who fail to comply with these prescriptions. 
	5. Policy applied by the courts and the bureaucracy.
	6. Rule the policy until it is terminated or cancelled. 
	7. Result of the policy is evaluated against the original aims and goals. 
## Items in Policy Cycle Model 
* Agenda setting: Problems come to attention of government
* Policy formulation: How policy options are formulated within government
* Decision-making: Process government adopt a particular course of action or non-action
* Policy Implementation: How governments put policies into effect
* Policy evaluation: Result of policies are monitored by state and societal actors, and reconceptualized of policy problems and solutions. 
* 참고) Comparative policy study (비교연구)는 보통 모델의 각 단계별 비교를 수행한다. 

# Who makes policy: Policy actors
### Application of Policy Cycle Model
* Separated tasks or process of public policy-making studies
* Roles played at each point in the process by specific policy actors, and institutions 

## Configuration of Policy Actors
* Policy actors involved in Agenda setting stage in decrying problems and demanding government action.
	* Policy actors are termed as Policy universe 
	* Subset of the policy universe, Policy Subsystem is involved in discussions.
		* Sufficient knowledge of a problem area, or resource at stake
	* Subset of Policy subsystem, Authoritative government decision-makers judges or bureaucrats.
	* When Implementation begins, number of actors increases to relevant Policy Subsystem.
	* Evaluation of the result encompass the entire Policy universe
--> Public policy 'hourglass' configuration

### Comtemporary comparative policy research
* Studies how different actors interact in policy processes.
* Advisory system configuration & Government decision-makers vary per different situations. 

# How policies change: The punctuated equilibrium model of policy dynamics
* Comparative public policy dynamics: Explore and explain the manner in which policies change
	* Policy paradigms (Peter Hall, 1989)
	* Incrementalism (Charles Lindblom, 1959)
## Policy paradigms
* Incrementalism
	* Constraints due to the nature of human cognition lead to most decision-making effectively being political bargaining, a single type of policy dynamics - marginal or small increments from the status quo- would characterize all most all instances of public policy making.
* Paradigms add another constraints;
	* Broad 'paradigm' shift which could be observed in many policy areas in many countries and sectors over long periods of time in which policy goals changed in a non-linear fashion.
* Post-incremental orthodoxy emarged (Eldredge and Gould, 1972)
	* Marginal adaptation and revolutionary transformation are typically linked in an overall 'punctuated equilibrium' pattern of policy change. 
> 과학기술정책의 오래된 학문은 Incrementalism을 따라 발전하지만, 신기술의 상용화에 따른 패러다임의 변화로 인해 급격한 변화가 필요한 경우가 종종 발생함. long-term stable한 기술은 Incrementalism을 따르고, dynamic한 발전이 있는 분야는 Paradigm 변화를 맞이하게 되므로, 전반적으로는 post-incremental orthodoxy 이론을 따른다.
